so so I mean my experience has been that
oftentimes attractiveness especially for
women
gets them a bad shake
okay so do people know what sparked you
coming on do people know this well I
think maybe some people in chat do but I
think some people might have the wrong
impression okay so why don't you tell us
what happened and what we're doing today
okay so I'm how do I put this in am
without misconstruing again so I made a
tweet that people didn't agree with and
that's totally fine
they're not no one asks agree with
anything I say that's how it is
but people took it in the wrong light
basically called me sexist and I guess
the main issue here is that it got put
into a bigger streamers discord that
basically is like known for like a
negative community and also on the
subreddit that can be somewhat negative
as well so it turned into me getting
like death threats basically like in my
DMS and stuff and then people making
Twitter accounts solely like literally
account was just to hate on me like
that's what the whole account was made
for which is so strange to me and like
okay like you know I've dealt with it in
small doses but never in like big groups
of people so okay yeah so I think that's
the biggest she was just for me I don't
take it too personally because I don't
know me personally I do a pretty good
job of not letting it affect me because
I don't check the links to like the
forums or anything so the only way I
knew that that even happen is just
because people told me and because I
started receiving like lots of nasty
messages it's out of the blue because
like I don't even stream anymore so it
would happen whenever I would stream
every once in a while and it's like okay
whatever but I was like where's this
coming from
and so um yeah whenever that happened
it's just I think what bothers me more
is I try too hard to figure out what's
going on in their mind and so that's
like what sticks with me it's not what
they're saying about me it's not like
it's not that you know it's bothering me
like oh my gosh like what do people
think about me it's more like what is
compelling them to do this like yeah so
so let's just can I just ask you to be a
little bit more specific so like what
what happened what did you say and what
do you why do you think what you said
rubbed people so far as to yeah so what
I said was um and I'm gonna emphasize
part of it because I think this is a
part that people did not read I just
said so if like a girl is dating a guy
and her he's not doing anything like
that's the part not doing anything like
not putting any effort or anything like
that and she's just completely like
taking care of him
like that's his mom okay I decided a
joke
and then people got super mad at that
and called me sexist which I'm not quite
sure which way they were calling me that
anyways because to me it was more like I
hope that girls would date someone who
is putting an equal effort is them you
know if that's something they like find
a priority which personally I do I think
maybe that's where my standards come
into play versus other people's and
everyone's allowed to have their own
standards agree on doing so
yeah and then on the other hand like I
would hope like I would always hope to
help someone figure out what they want
to do and I think a lot of people my
personal life I know that as well
that if someone's like not motivated for
something like even if I can't help them
cuz I mean you can't help someone who
doesn't want to have help so um I would
still want to be like Oh like you know
maybe you'd be interested in this or
like here's some options for this and so
I hope either side like no one would
just be sitting there doing nothing
because I think that makes you unhappy
in general so I think that might have
been the part though a lot of people
related to and think maybe I was kind of
[ __ ] talking that um well I'm sorry what
are they relating to I think maybe they
are relating to not having something
that brings in motivation or happiness
in their life because I feel like that
could be a population that it got the
reason I think that's the population it
got advertised to is just because I knew
that it did get put in a streamers
discord that was you know who else would
come and attack people for the reason
like not happy people not people who are
doing something in their life that um
you know they wouldn't have time to do
that they wouldn't care enough to do it
and I think generally whatever if
somebody just disagrees with someone
they just kind of move on because I know
a thing I see things that I disagree
time and I'm just like okay like that's
fine so it sounds like like there are a
couple of different things going on one
is that like so you're allowed to
disagree with anyone on the internet and
you're gonna disagree with anyone on the
internet but something about what you
said rubbed people the wrong way to the
extent of evoking some sort of like
response or action right right yeah
what what do you think you evoked in
them I think um trying to find the right
word for it but maybe a feeling that
they're not good enough in some part of
their life okay and it could have to do
you know I don't know but it could have
to do with having a girlfriend or it
could have to do with they didn't feel
they were being successful in some part
of their life yeah I think there's some
void there which like I think we all
experience that I mean I know I have to
so it's not like it's like I'm looking
down on anyone it's just I think that's
probably what pisses people off okay so
you know it's it seemed like so I from
what I'm just trying to find that the
Twitter exchange because I don't
remember exactly what it said but you
know so my recollection was that you
made a statement that you know about
women dating men who were basically not
doing anything in life and then you're
you're their mom and then someone
essentially reversed the genders right
oh yeah yeah and then and then they sort
of said that if a guy is dating a girl
who isn't putting anything in then
they're you're their dad and then right
you disagreed with that yeah that has to
do with just my mmm personal a mix of
personal standards and because they kind
of irritated me by just like trying to
your date so okay
firstly it got to me and I was just like
oh like that's annoying and just like
replied kind of like you know I don't
know I was just trying I mean we ha
people are where do they get in that but
um yeah so I think people took that the
wrong way too but how do you think they
took it I'm not
honestly I'm not quite sure that's kind
of where it's been getting to me where
I'm like I don't know why that made
people so angry so actually going on in
their head absolutely completely unfair
so so you know we were talking about how
when something strikes a chord with you
it evokes people to like argue or
disagree yeah yeah so what about what
that person said struck a chord with you
so that you tweeted back right exactly I
think the same thing happened there and
like I guess before I answer that it's
like that's I know where to stop myself
I guess because like I could be you know
if I see or whatever but I always try to
keep it in check and I know like you
need to be respectful of other people so
um
I think what struck a chord with me
there is that of course like a
disagreement but um
more so I had also started receiving DMS
from like the person who tweeted that
and also other people and they were like
starting to come at me with like the
death threats and stuff already and so I
was like that that just made me mad you
know I was like okay well I'm not going
to not stand up for myself in a way so
yeah I think there's always a fine line
of like juice let people walk all over
you and not respond and not give them
satisfaction that way or do you stand up
for yourself a little bit and you never
know where that's gonna go okay yeah do
you think that the people who are
messaging you are in their minds
standing up for themselves in some way
oh I think they could be actually yeah
so not that they're doing I don't think
and okay - and then yeah and then I'm
gonna apply for like a master's program
before okay back yeah before post back
no I'm in the apply for a post back
before med school okay what I mean if
you've done okay so it looks like we're
back okay so I think some people were
confused about what you were saying so
is it I'm gonna just show people the
tweets is that okay
yeah that's fine okay just so because I
think people are confused because we're
referencing weird stops oh so I'm gonna
just do this real quick so these are the
tweets chat this Bud Light ad what is
there an ad okay so these are the tweets
right so Farrell says some girls are
really out here dating boys with no job
not in school having to pay his rent and
food and then call that a relationship
girl you're his mom I think that that's
funny some dudes be dating girls with no
job not in school having to pay her rent
and food and call that a relationship
boy you're her dad and then you
responded what doesn't work that way -
I'll try again well okay so hopefully
people saw that and now you guys
understand what we're talking about so I
think fair like here's you know so I
think you what you said makes a lot of
sense in terms of like you're striking a
chord with people yeah and and you know
there's a certain amount of you can also
use the language of like you know how
much do you fight against the Internet
how much do you sort of take things like
let things slide how much do you stick
up for yourself and I don't think that
you know we can talk a little bit about
internet trolls but you know so I wonder
like do you so when I when I read
something like this in general like when
I read statements where one gender has
been so if you take a statement and then
you just change out the gender of
people's reaction towards it differs
depending on which gender you're talking
about sometimes that appears to people
to be like a double standard what do you
think yeah I can see it I can see that
for sure and that's again where I think
it got kind of misconstrued because I I
wasn't meeting it that way but I can
like what a hundred percent see how it
was taken that way how does how did you
mean your disagreement yeah so I kind of
said earlier I don't know if it was
Buffy then but um I meant it as in like
I think both sides should put in the
effort you know I mean I said think you
know it doesn't just apply like guy to
girl relationship you know really real
guy whatever so I think both sides
should put in effort equally on how they
agreed as well you know like some for
some people they may want like one
person to be the provider
to not be or both or whatever I think
just as long as no one's feeling like
minimize in the relationship I think
that makes a good relationship so as
long as you can agree and openly
communicate and I think that's um more
than I meant is whenever I was saying it
it was more being like maybe that wasn't
something that was agreed on beforehand
and you know the guy I mean isn't
motivated to do anything with his life
and to me like if that was my situation
I would just feel at a disadvantage like
I was doing everything and then
potentially you know having to raise
kids at the same time and like that's
not having someone who wouldn't want to
contribute in any way I just think yeah
so that would just be a personal issue
for me and like you know no one has to
hear that either so so so yeah I mean it
sounds like what you're kind of saying
is that you know your treat so this is I
think the big problem with Twitter is
that like you know people aren't allowed
to have nuanced and deep views on
Twitter right everything is like that's
the sentence I said that's exactly what
I meant that's it yeah and that's just
kind of how Twitter is and I think
that's why it's funny like I don't know
if you guys ever read stuff on like
Twitter but I love to it longer
yeah actually to explain yourself yeah
there was a there was a really great I
don't know if you guys are following any
of this like Hong Kong Blizzard
controversy like it was big a couple of
weeks ago but there was a hearthstone
player who posted something on to it
longer which I thought was really good
and he was kind of talking about
different sides of the issue but so so
like feral so you're not streaming
anymore I'm not have you read the
comments on the reddit thread
I have not okay that's why I keep my
sanity yes so the comments on the reddit
thread are not very nice and yeah I was
just but it sounds like people are
messaging you a lot of this stuff how do
you handle that in turn like how does
that make you like I've never gotten a
death threat DM before so I don't know
how that feels how does that feel well I
got one the first day I ever stream so I
was prepared for it a little bit um why
do you think you got one the first day
you streamed I'm not quite sure I just
wouldn't told
I wouldn't play a game with them and all
of a sudden that was the end of the
world for them so um not quite sure on
that one
but um I didn't I didn't do anything
controversial there um but yes I think
in small doses like I don't I don't take
them seriously other than just be like
well you know I mean I take my safety
seriously but at the same time I'm not
gonna take it to heart because I feel
like that's just unhealthy for me in the
long run mmm of course it gets to me a
little bit like how cabin you sit there
in Rita and it not get to you yeah I
have no idea yeah pretty good job of it
yeah I mean it sounds like you're
handling it pretty well I think I've
just seen it happen to other people so
many times it's really unfortunate um
like that mob mentality sort of thing
you know if they can hop on that and
just like have that group of people
that's attacking one person and just
make like a villain out of them they
feel good about themselves which I mean
I'm not sure why on that to you that's
that's what gets to me I'm like I don't
know why that makes you feel good so
that gets to me
not the exact like messages I'm
receiving I'm just like it's annoying
because I have to put everything on
private and like I got II will interact
with the people I normally interact with
normal sure yeah and I'm sure
circumstance but so so would you say
that it almost sounds like like by by
undermining is so attacking the how can
I say this attacking
one else makes you feel better about
your insecurities that's what I assume
the reason is but I'm like there has to
be something else like I'm sure for each
person it's a different specific
researcher so it's like I can't figure
it out for everyone so what sucks like I
want to yeah I don't know why I want to
but I do I'm kind of curious about this
whole like brigade egg thing because I
think that then you know the internet
really loves their pitchforks they like
man do they love their pitchforks and
I'm kind of curious I mentioned this on
stream one or two times before but you
know I'm I would love to talk to someone
who is actually like a pitchfork
wielding internet troll yeah yeah
leigh-anne
and I I'd love to understand you know
when you wield your pitchfork on the
Internet and then you go and you you
burn a witch like what does that do for
you yeah and I just don't understand I I
think that the interesting thing is that
you know when you this is kind of like a
random thought but like when you when we
call people trolls on the Internet I
wonder if in you know in a weird way
that actually is attacking them and does
that make us feel good about ourselves
right um I thought I had a different
view on this when I was streaming
because they're like oh it's just trolls
but I feel like it's almost actually a
neutral term for them because if you
just say it's just trolls you're just
dismissing it like I guess for them it's
like oh you're not important but at the
same time I think that just doesn't do
it justice like I could sit there and
have people whenever I did stream in my
chat saying like awful things like I
would just ignore it it's just trolls
like you aren't supposed to feel
anything about it because they don't
matter
mm-hmm well first of all like any person
matters so the person on their side that
does matter and secondly my feelings
also matter so it's just this weird like
disconnect between the person and the
troll yeah it sounds like look what
happens is that people are sort of
getting acclimatized to trolls behaviors
so they just sort of like let it slide
and I kind of factor it in into like the
norm yeah I almost think that with
people like not
seriously that they would even take it
farther for people to take them
seriously so yeah all right yeah why do
you think that is well I think their
main thing like whatever their
individual reasons are is just to be
heard because maybe they don't feel like
that in their everyday life and so
whenever people you know they think
they're I mean there's no way a good way
to go to pass it but they think they're
doing the right thing by not responding
to someone but in the long-term is that
the best thing you know like because
they're just gonna keep doing it and
they're gonna do it for the response and
until they get a response so something
has to change
I don't know what it is good something
has to change where I mean I no longer
feel the need to do that so so I mean I
I think you know I wonder a little bit
about people and stream are talking
about stuff like attention and and
things like that I mean right so I think
like trolling on the Internet is a big
problem and I'm wondering like feral
what do you think we can do about it oh
man I thought about this a lot actually
yeah especially when I was straining
because it was more of a I always want a
positive atmosphere like whenever I was
streaming or like even though I'm like
social media now or whatever I'm active
in like I always want to keep it to
where people feel comfortable enough to
be themselves and they don't feel judged
and they feel like you know just a happy
place like I don't want to be that space
where the like quote-unquote trolls like
build up and go attack someone
so um I the way I did one little thing
to try to help with that is made like oh
I mean I guess pretty much like your
discord is completely but cut like a
safe space channel a my discord or
anyone could just talk about their
problems and not feel judged because
it's really hard to do on stream if
you're not doing what you do like I
can't even give them good advice because
I'm not a psychiatrist so it's like I
would try my best to help everyone but
the best way for me to do that is allow
them a space to like just maybe let it
out to a positive for people like I can
tell what you're saying this is to
create a space where a troll feels safe
so like a case
yes I need a little K for them yeah so
let's let's make it let's make a troll
cave honor our disco yeah but I need
honestly like I don't know any other
like way that's better than just
literally the stream that would come bat
it because I don't think people listen
can I can I ask you for a bizarre favor
okay so feral if you get a DM again like
so I don't I want you to think about
this before you agree to it cuz I don't
know if this is any good or bad so
generally speaking when you get a death
threat you you just ignore them right
because any chaos wants them yeah so any
kind of response that you give them is
going to probably evoke more behavior
yeah and and at the same time like I
wish there was some way that I could
respond to them and I don't know or
actually maybe maybe this maybe if
they've sent you a DM instead of you
responding directly just tell them that
that I want to talk to tell me who they
are and then all message them personally
okay and that I'd like to talk to them
because I think I think if they're
approaching you then like I would love
it if you could just send them my way
because I would love to hear their side
of the story like why why do they feel
so angry about what you said do they
feel like it's a double standard like
some people in twitch chat feel like
it's a double standard yeah I can see
that
and yeah I mean so like I you know I
just I send them my way okay I can do
that now but at the same time like I
don't you know I don't want you to
engage with them and open yourself up to
like further kinds of stuff so if you
feel like it's safe or if you want to
post something on like whatever you feel
comfortable with you can even just email
me their like their names on discord
like they were DM everyone discord or
Twitter oh no so I I can't answer on
Instagram because once you open a
message you pretty much have to keep it
open well I guess unless I block them
but um you can do it on Twitter or I
closed off pretty much everything so
I've kind of gotten anything in a while
but um I'm sure I have a few lying
around so that I didn't get to block yes
I can just
oh so you said that all this stuff came
from a discord right there's a streamer
who yes but I can't say who or else you
might get banned so
okay yeah I don't want you to say who
because I might get banned but help me
understand how that works
why would I get banned for you saying
someone's so well maybe not but it's
really out chance but I just want our
yeah yeah I think it's against TOS to
kind of like talk negatively about other
twitch partners so I see yeah that's why
huzzah but then why don't they get
banned fur that's a good question I
don't think they didn't so I don't think
I can get banned on their community
unless they themselves are doing
something so if the street didn't send
people after me because like he probably
the name check is discord so big yeah
but um yeah then what can I do you know
and they are subscribing to these people
so okay so so I'm just trying to figure
out like how does yes so how do how does
the troll contact me that's the question
so it looks like they can they can
message us on Twitter
you guys can sign up on the about Me
section of our twitch but I mean I I
genuinely do want to understand like
other people's perspectives yeah yeah
and I I think that you know I thank you
for coming on and sort of sharing your
thoughts I I know that was there
something in particular like did you I
know we'd sort of floated the idea of
talking about relationships in general
but I feel like you kind of explained
your perspective on that some yeah I
think something that everyone can agree
on if they want to healthy relationship
was just open communication having
effort both ways what in whatever form
that may be yeah I I think that's a
non-controversial way to be a
relationship right like that's pretty
normal
I would agree so I'm gonna ask twitch
chat if they have questions for you okay
or us but did you have anything else
that you wanted to share I mean I I feel
like you explained things pretty well
yeah not not too much okay
yes so you stopped streaming mm-hmm
what's that about is that a question for
me yeah yeah yeah I'm just waiting I'm
buying time we're still alive yeah so
okay
so I stopped streaming partially because
I wasn't enjoying it okay the reason I
wasn't enjoying it is because I wasn't
able to find a way to actually help
people with my stream like yeah maybe I
was providing entertainment value or
whatever but for me I always want to be
able to like actually impact someone's
life in a way well in it with anything I
do so I was avoiding med school because
that's why I came by the first stream
partially I don't think I'm good enough
to go or whatever
so um yes I disabuse you of that notion
right yes no I I don't care how long it
takes me to get there so that's why I
stopped streaming as well because it
just good for you for about what was
beneficial to me and it wasn't it so
yeah yeah you know if you're just
offline you get you're welcome to
contact me because there's a fair number
of people in our community who are
trying to sort of get a handle on their
life and right and we've been able to I
think support them a little bit in
getting to their career goals on some of
those include med schools so we have our
fingers crossed for people that are
applying to cycle and unfortunately that
means that they'll probably stop helping
us out because they'll be busy but if
there's any way that I can personally
help you figure things out or you know
even if you want like some people I've
had like sort of help out with healthy
gamer and that if they'll do some
research or something like that and then
I can write them a letter right right
and things like that so if you and I are
kind of involved in our recovery coach
program so I think that is a great in
and you could put that on your
application but it sounds like you're
still over a year away from applying
right right right yeah so so as things
get down the road and if there's some
way we can help let us know awesome
thanks because I I think it's awesome
the mission that you kind of adopted for
yourself to help the world yeah and we'd
love to support you and I think a lot of
people on punch in chatter sending
positive vibes your way thank you
I need it and then I guess someone was
asking have you stopped using social
media because of everything that
happened um that's a that's an
interesting answer so I took a step away
from it only just because it was like
too much spamming for me and I'm in the
middle of midterms so it's like a bit
distracting for me to deal with anything
extra than what I normally do and I
didn't because in my mind I was like
well the trolls would win if they did so
I'm not yeah yeah you don't want the
trolls to win yeah so yes and no more
from my own sake for just exams right
now so that someone asks why did feral
disagree with the tweet if she agrees
that both sides should put an effort
care to elaborate yeah so um well I
don't know if you heard what I said
earlier but I was a little bit irritated
but somebody like tweeting that back to
me and just like that's when all this
stuff started so partially out an
irritation secondly I guess if they were
like just referring to financially or
whatever like that's personally someone
something I wouldn't be against like for
myself so that's why but yeah someone
else wanted that I don't care I mean I'm
gonna jump in and sort of qualify that
because I think you didn't mention this
earlier feral so I think my sense is
that something that they said and I you
know we've talked about a lot of people
have challenges in terms of their
confidence and their worth and something
like that and I know that it sounds like
you're making great strides and sort of
figuring out who you are and you know
you're kind of saying well oh yeah come
hell or high water you know you're gonna
end up going to medical school and I
think that's the wonderful attitude to
have and at the same time if I heard you
correctly I think something that they
said may have struck a personal chord
with you yeah yeah and and so what you
were really responding to is that like
what they said like felt like a little
bit of a personal attack which it may
not have been an intended that way but
at the same time you know sometimes I
think that happens where people make a
generalization we feel like they're
talking about us or like strikes a chord
yeah I mean that's why what they thought
too so yes right is the best way like
little battle there yes so I and that's
the interesting theme of this as it
sounds like you know
of what you were imagining they
experienced maybe you understand because
you were experiencing it too I think it
sounds like you're you're you sort of
channel a lot of those impulses and
feelings in a slightly more productive
way I don't you know we don't really
know that asked yeah are you DMing
people death threats okay well not bad
but you know just playing to my sleeve
legends sure talk about toxicity okay so
someone else asks do you think that the
fact that she is attractive fueled the
hate to spread even more and if yes why
do you think that is what do you think
Farrell oh um well thank you first of
all um also yes I think so just because
hmm I think this happens a lot I just
with streamers in general they're like
oh it's a pretty girl playing games you
know people just come up with all their
assumptions already so hmm I'm not quite
sure how that might have fueled it I
think you did so so I mean my experience
has been that oftentimes attractiveness
especially for women gets them a bad
shake yeah because I think in real life
people don't take me seriously you know
for things like oh well you know you're
just blonde or like this is this and
it's like I have to prove myself like
two times more than other people just to
be taken seriously or for people to
think that you know I'm smart or like
whatever so yeah it's bizarre III think
I've heard so I'm a psychiatrist so I
talked to people about you know what's
stressful in their life and the number
of times that I've heard from men in
workplaces about how attractive women
are primarily mistreated by other women
in the workplace is staggering like the
most common and this is just anecdotal
so I don't know I mean maybe there's
studies about this I'm not familiar with
them but it seems that like most of the
mistreatment that I hear people complain
about of women in the workplace it's
more commonly from other women than it
is for men which doesn't mean that women
don't mistreat men in the workplace or
vice versa right but the most bizarre
thing that I've you know when people
just talk to me about the dynamics of
their workplace it seems like especially
the women for example
my female patients feel far more
attacked by their female colleagues and
female superiors than the other way then
then by matin braces which is really
strange I don't really get that yeah
well it's interesting because it was
only men who are mad at my tweet not
women so that's why I went over I was
like called sexist I was like I was
confused with direction they thought I
was because I got a lot of diems for
other women who are like I totally agree
with you and that made me feel like
super horrible a lot myselfs like just
date he's the one who wasn't putting in
any effort in their life at all so I was
like yes so just say hear from so I know
that there are a couple of women in our
chat who seem to be agreeing that women
are pretty horrible to each other and a
lot of women I work with tend to snitch
on each other even though they're all
friends outside of work so I'm not quite
sure what's going on there so I think we
have one or two more questions is that
okay for you Farrell oh yes you have
studying that you need to be doing
instead
I knew but it's okay so what would what
would the trolls call themselves who
were hating on feral cat what's the
proper term they would call themselves
like what do you how do you think
control sees season themselves yeah I
mean I have some fun but I mean I assume
there I mean I feel like everyone feels
about themselves just to what degree
they act on it you know lacking in some
area and I guess due to that tweet maybe
they were just lacking in an area that I
may have sparked so so let me ask you
this Farrell how did you feel when you
tweeted your response to that other
treat to me do you remember how you felt
I think I just rolled my eyes honestly
and kind of moving on but um I I thought
he was more of a I felt like I had to
stand up for myself sort of thing so I'm
not sure if that's what they're feeling
but it might be so my guess is that they
would feel righteous yeah any sense I
think I can describe both sides for sure
yeah I mean I I think that like when
people you know they feel like they're
so the sense that I get is there was
like there's a sense of like correcting
a wrong there's like
fixing an investor's yeah and then
someone was asking me specifically what
do I think about the gender reversal
tweet I mean I think Farrell's
explanation makes sense but at the same
time I think taken on face value it I
mean it looks like a double standard
right mm-hmm
there's just yeah it's not like I just
sat back and was like like I'm right
y'all are stupid you know it's like of
course like with any criticism yeah I
think there's a line where you have to
say is am I gonna take this as
constructive criticism is that what it
is or is it just straight hatred you
know yeah so I don't know I like like
right now I'm putting myself in a pretty
uncomfortable position being here so I
like to do that to myself just to keep
myself in check and like keep growing I
guess like yeah I think it's you know
I'm grateful you came on and I can
imagine that you're risking the wrath of
the Internet so it's actually you know
kind of ballsy move on your part but I'm
glad you're talking about things openly
and and also demonstrating some degree
of like curiosity about yourself and
yeah and I think that a lot of people do
sort of get brigaded by the internet and
it can be for all kinds of random [ __ ]
yeah you never know what people are
gonna see and what's kind of pull up and
what you know what's gonna bring you
attention so yes so so I think the last
question we're gonna do today someone
was asking me how how do I respond
personally the role reversal tweet and I
think so I will say that I think that
there's a lot of discrimination that
does go on against men I think men and
women are treated differently in our
society and sometimes that's to the
benefit of men and sometimes it's to the
benefit of women i I'm not trying to say
that either one is correct but I do
think that so I think a very common
mistake that a lot of people make is
that discrimination is like a seesaw and
so that if you discriminate towards a
particular group it means that the other
group is not discriminated against and I
do believe that things like privilege
and stuff like that are statistically
real so for example like you know if you
just look at data on like race and jail
times and things like that like I
remember one of the most shocking things
that I didn't even realize so
I was working in a jail and on the third
week of working in the jail I was like
something was weird about something was
different about today and I was trying
to figure out like what is it that's
different
what is it different that's different
about today and finally it hit me on the
third Thursday so I'd been working in
the jail now for 14 days was the first
time I saw a white person isn't inmate
and so like there's that just it blew my
mind like it was like I couldn't
understand like it took me a little
while to realize like what what was what
was different about that oh use white
and that's when it was just shocking
because everyone else was like Hispanic
or Latino X or black and so I do think
that there is you know racism and
discrimination I think the the flip side
of it is that I do think sometimes
privileged classes or genders oftentimes
get sort of a bad rap so for example
like eight out of every ten suicides in
this country or men so more men have
killed themselves in the last year than
in the last decade of armed conflict in
the United States so you take every
casualty of war that the US has suffered
from in the last decade and more men
chose to kill themselves in the last
year so that to me is like shocking and
then the other thing is I mean I work
with some people who are executives at
major companies and they actually have
policies that that they sort of have
sanding policies to preferentially
promote women and minorities and so it's
kind of odd I mean they're not never
gonna say it openly because that'll get
that'll get them sued but that's you
know discrimination against men does
happen yeah for sure
and I I don't think that and there are a
lot of other statistics like I'm not I'm
not like a red pill kind of guy or
anything like that but I think if you
look at data you can understand that
it's possible for like multiple classes
so I'm in some ways I'm in a minority in
some ways I'm I'm a privileged class so
I'm like an Indian doctor of which there
are no shortages and at the same time
you know statistically I was
discriminated against when I applied to
medical school because on average if
you're indian or asian you have to score
two points higher than the average MCAT
score I don't know what the scores are
now but back when I was like so Indians
have to score two points higher in order
to get in and depending on your race you
actually have to have a different MCAT
score I'm not saying that that's fair or
unfair I think if we just look at it a
lot of people make arguments about you
know that sort of I think these
arguments are valid that like that sort
of ends up working out because like
education was highly emphasized and in
my household and I had a lot of
advantages that sort of enabled me to
score higher at the same time you know
it is it is kind of a differential
quantitative was the way that my scores
are looked at or influenced based on my
gender which I think implies that my
gender isn't is people I'm being
discriminated against is that okay I
don't know so that that's kind of my
long-ass question
[Music]
I'm sorry long-ass answer but any
closing thoughts Farrell hmm I don't
think so by the way you may be
discriminated against when you apply to
medical school because at this point
more than 50% of women are more than 50%
of medical students or women so before
long men may actually have an advantage
of thing if trends continue going the
way they are yeah so apply fast
yeah I'm trying well thanks a lot
Farrell for coming on and you know thank
you for facing the courage of the
internet and if you do happen to engage
with any trolls feel free to send them
my way and I will welcome them with open
arms
oh don't respond to them if you feel
like that's gonna inflame them further
all right don't lastly if anyone knows
trolls that we could kind of get in in
touch with you know let us know message
your local trolls yeah message your
local trolls and tell them that we want
to create a cave for them yeah yes so if
you used to be a troll like you should
think about coming on and let's talk
about the way that you used to be and
also for your friends who are still
trolls like have them come on too
because I want to talk to trolls I think
trolls are I think there is this federal
pointed I think
of them or suffering mm-hmm great
there's still trolls in here okay well
thanks a lot Farrell and good luck with
school and stuff and you know if you
decide to go to medical school in the
end or if you end up and get getting in
you should seriously consider not being
a psychiatrist alright take care all
right